now let's take you to the Middle East
where fighting's intensified in Gaza
City Palestinians awoke on Wednesday to
leaflets falling from the sky urging
them to leave the UN has said it's
deeply concerned about evacuation orders
Israeli officials later clarified that
they were recommendations not
instructions well in recent weeks
Israeli forces have re-entered several
districts where it believes the mass
have regrouped the Palestinian red crant
said people are living through tragic
conditions and that it's received calls
from residents unable to leave their
homes because of the intensity of the
bombing well communicating with the
outside world is becoming increasingly
difficult too the BBC spoken to 20
Palestinians living abroad who say
Microsoft which owns the voice and video
chat app Skype kicked them out of their
accounts without warning removing access
to email contacts and any other services
linked to the tech giant well Microsoft
says they violated the terms of service
but they won't say how Joe tidy's been
speaking to some of those impacted I
created this hot mail 15 years ago I
lost everything why they locked Hotmail
without any warning salah's digital life
has been destroyed since he called home
to Gaza on
Skype without warning his Skype profile
and Microsoft email account were
suspended not just that he's been barred
from using any other Microsoft services
and he's not alone own since mid April
one by one Microsoft which owns Skype
has been taking action against
Palestinian Skype users for an
undisclosed
reason since conflict erupted internet
connectivity in Gaza has been frequently
damaged or turned off and for many
Palestinians living abroad Skype has
been a Lifeline a cheap way to call
their loved ones mobile phones when the
internet is down by topping up your
Skype credit you can call people on
their ordinary telephones
we've spoken to 20 different
Palestinians around the world who say
they're not being told what they've done
wrong according to automatic emails the
decision is final because they all
violated Microsoft's terms of service
some are concerned they're being
mistaken for Hamas members which would
make them terrorists According to some
Western
designations we are civilians we have no
political background we just wanted to
check on our families why did they close
my email after nearly 20 years it was
connected to all my work they destroyed
my online life I was like disconnected
with my family for more than three weeks
and there was like a huge bombardment in
their
neighborhood sometimes I I faint
sometimes I can't eat I can't
sleep I paid for a service to make phone
calls after 10 days you block me for no
reason they never provide a reason only
because I'm a Palestinian
[Music]
calling Microsoft told us that it does
not block calls or accounts based on
calling region or destination the
company also said that blocking in Skype
can occur as a result of suspected
fraudulent activity and that users can
appeal but the people we've spoken to
say they've tried everything and they're
being ignored by Microsoft which is now
the most valuable company in the world
Joe tidy BBC News